when i started the high school , it was a shock. 

I have spend 8 years finding my way to be the most popular kid in the catholic student buddy . i have been a big tough eight grader. 

And suddenly , i was a lonely nineth grader bullied by the big tough 12 grade seniors who ran the high school. i realize then that it is nice to strive for something but you also have to enjoy the moment you are in . 

rock roll ,had always been an important part of my life. i remember my friends and i used to drive around until the late hours of the night listening the music of Rock roll legends. during those teenage year i build friendships that i thought would last for lifetime.

But people drift apart . jobs families and tragedies separate people from those lasting friendships. the tragedy that separate me from my friend forever was Vietnam war. a year after i graduate from high school. i left for Vietnam i came back burn out and tried. as though i have lived 10 life times in a short spend on 14 months. the 14 months i was in a war. i could relate to the friends i had had in high school. they still seem childish, concern with childish things that weren't important to me.
i was still try to cope with the death destruction and evil that had seen in Vietnam. 

i met my wife, who was also American student. i now teach in a high school back in America. i look at my student and see them struggling with many of the very things i struggled with many years ago. as the teacher i try help them over the [rough spot] as best i can 



