mortality n. death

today we talk about loneliness. loneliness in social isolation are growing health concerns for people of all ages in United States from adolescence to the elderly. Public health experts are worry because loneliness seems to be on the rise. and study have long found correlations between. and assortment to medical conditions that threaten health and longevity. the problem of the loneliness maybe even greater than we thought. an new [national poll] found that about a third older Americans are lonely and almost as many seniors feel isolated. this is a serious problem as research show that chronic loneliness is particularly harmful to senior citizens. 

But there is good news. it looks like the loneliness can be reversed. 

but researchers are still try the best way to do so. why is that? resolving the problem of the loneliness among seniors often isn't simple as getting them together with other or moving them with their children.in fact the poll found the seniors who lived with their children were more likely to feel lonely than those who didn't. **this may be because loneliness refers to the discrepancy between actual and desired relationship.**  so it's possible that someone who lives alone doesn't meet that definition. while someone in the house full of busy people does. how can we solve the problem. well the researcher assert it's important to address each person's underlying cause of loneliness. whether it's a death of a [spouse], medical problem or social expectations that haven't fulfilled. it is noteworthy that there is one general recommendation. while finding solutions for loneliness is highly personal, researcher suggest that the best intervention are those that involve meaningful social contact at least once a week. 

